(BOLT-1381) Audit the hands-on lab and restructure the lesson directory (#1041)
puppetlabs/bolt: docs/_lab/02-acquiring-nodes/index.md

If you have a local SSH client, test the connection. Change the port to one you get from running the `docker-compose ps` command. The image sets the username and password to `root`.

```bash
ssh root@127.0.0.1 -p 32768
```

Make sure you can log into all the nodes before moving on. You may have to remove some entries from `~/.ssh/known_hosts`

When passing nodes to Bolt in the next section you will use `--nodes 127.0.0.1:32768,127.0.0.1:32769`, replacing the ports with those you see when you run the `docker-compose ps` command.

## Creating an Inventory File

> In Bolt, you can use an inventory file to store information about your nodes. For example, you can organize your nodes into groups or set up connection information for nodes or node groups. In this lab, you'll make use of the groups defined in the following inventory file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Bolt, you can use an inventory file to store information about your targets. For example, you can organize your targets into groups or set up connection information for targets or target groups. In this lab, you'll make use of the groups defined in the following inventory file.
```

> The inventory file is a yaml file stored by default at `inventory.yaml` inside the Bolt project directory. Save the following at `Boltdir/inventory.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inventory file is a yaml file stored by default at `inventory.yaml` inside the Boltdir. Save the following at `Boltdir/inventory.yaml`:
```
